welcome to another episode of let's talk
Arkham i'm your host jailer and yeah i
decided not to do the intros anymore
just got tired of editing and stuff but
you guys been asking for more let's talk
arkham so this episode we're gonna be
talking about Catwoman and you know what
i want to see we should be coming back
etc etc if you missed any of the let's
talk Arkham check out the description
box or check out my page and look for
let's talk arkham so you can go back to
any of them there's some good ones
talking about if Superman's gonna be in
there is batwing Arkham Knight is
there's so many crazy does you know
subjects there that you can go ahead and
check it out but today is about Selena
Kyle Catwoman now of course she was in
Arkham City not an arkham asylum that
i'm sure i'm not i'm not sure there was
an easter egg but i'm pretty sure that
she wasn't arkham city because you get
the player as well and like I think two
parts of the story line and it was
really cool to play as her it wasn't
something excited I rather have a you
know Robin or Nightwing which she did
get to play is Robin in the dlc but i
rather just play as Robin but do I think
she's gonna be coming back yes do I
think she's gonna have a bigger role yes
she might even die I think that she
might die because you know you know deep
down Batman does love her and what do
you know what like what if like arkham
knight or like one of the other villains
decides to kill her because they know
that you know Batman does care for a
Catwoman and I felt like she's gonna
have a big part in this word like you
know near the end they're gonna have a
big team up between you know the robins
and and and the other bad families and
so the accounts gonna be part of it and
then something goes wrong where Batman
has to make a decision you know save the
world and we saved a whole um Gotham
City or save Selena cow and then he has
you know it's kind of like the whole
situation where arrow did it with you
know with the you know him choosing of
those two girls and I really do hope to
see that because it was a show like what
Batman like would really do and I really
hope for those kind of moments and you
know I'm just really excited to see what
they're gonna do would Catwoman the new
designs you know the design i like the
most is the one from injustice it has
like a steampunk to it but it was just
it was really cool but yeah guys what do
you guys does Selena can't come
do you think she's gonna come back do
you think she's gonna play a love
interest do you think she's gonna die I
believe somebody is gonna die and I
think it should should be Catwoman you
know just up because then you think
about it they could just do what she
dies she comes back nine lives and you
know all those things that you know
maybe like she would come back for like
a sequel or something like that it would
make sense or something like that but
yeah leave your thoughts below and let
me know but thank you for watching guys
I'll see you guys next time if you're
watching this this is from the live
stream that we do we play a lot of DC
games so make sure to check out my
livestream as well and yeah thank you
for watching guys I'll see you guys next
time